Fortunately, the old master made me and Rongzhao
The boy goes to the school's small broken warehouse
Bring back some old furniture
Otherwise, I won't be able to live this day
He's so strong
The man looks tall and thin
Looking like a weak scholar who can't get enough to eat
So strong
These things
Let me move into the house first
That
First pot of newspaper
Repair the roof
The furniture needs to be repaired before it can be used
The room is too small to be turned upside down
Can you fix this?
I'll fix it a little bit, let's talk about it.
You have the guts to think and do it
Boss, this is complimenting me.
Uh, by the way, there's still a set of tables and chairs missing.
I have to move the warehouse.
I'll go.
You clean up the house
It's okay, it's a move from the government after all
It's a bit troublesome for you to go to the south gate.
I'll just go!
This little spy
Are you still thinking of me?
I told you he was a thief.
They not only steal from us
Dare to steal each other's tables and chairs
Now people are sick
I'll see how he explains
Everyone follow me
Make sure he reviews it at the conference
Tie him to a telephone pole for weightlessness education